The .pol files are in XML format. The main node is the Policy node. Each
.pol file can only contain one Policy node. Under that, there are three
main nodes of the Policy, which are Origin, Selection and Verification.

The Origin node describes the supplier of this policy, and subsequent
packages verified by it. E.g. "debian" is one type of origin, and
"tails" may be another.

The Selection node is used to determine the rules to decide if this policy
will apply to this package. Since an origin can supply more than one
policy, this is useful. E.g. Debian could supply a "generic" policy and a
Release specific policy. Debian installation media may also include a policy
for verifying that particular set of packages. This node is a list of matches
that describe how to evaluate the signatures in the package.

If the Selection block does not pass, then the verification tool will
continue to other policies.

The Verification block is the same format as the Selection block. It is
only used if the Selection block passes. If the Selection block passes,
and the Verification block does not, then the package is assumed to not be
verified, and the verification program will exit with a non-zero status,
indicating failure.

There can be more than one Verification or Selection block. However, there
must be at least one of each, else the policy will fail irregardless. All
blocks of the particular type must pass, or all are considered to fail.

Origin		- Description of this policy. This *must* be the first
		  node in the Policy file.

  Name		- Short name.
  Description	- Descriptive text.
  ID		- The OpenPGP keyID of this Policy's Origin key, sanity check.

Selection	- The matching rules which decide if we want to use this
		  rule set. Basically the rules in this group decide if we
		  use this set. If they pass, we commit to using this
		  Policy. If it fails, the checker will go and try another
		  Policy. The signatures in this set are not actually
		  verified with an OpenPGP implementation. They are merely
		  checked for existence. If an ID is specified for a match,
		  then that ID is also checked.

Verification	- Once we commit to using this Policy, the matching rules
		  in this block must verify without error before we
		  declare the package to be "ok". If this fails, no
		  further policies will be checked and the package is
		  considered to be insecure.

  MinOptional	- This is the minimum number of Optional types that must be
		  present and verified for this group. This is given as an
		  attribute to the Verification and Selection nodes.

There are three types of matching rules within these last two blocks.

Required	- The Type must be present, and must verify.

Optional	- If the Type is present, it must verify. If it is not present,
		  we ignore this match. Being "present" means that the "Type"
		  exists in the .deb. If the ID is included, then the sig
		  in the .deb must contain the same ID for it to be considered
		  "present".

Reject		- If this type is present, we fail. This is mostly useful
		  for Selection groups, to manage several policies under
		  one Origin.

  Type		- Short string that matches the name of the sig file in the
		  .deb.
  File		- The name of the file (sans path) that contains the public
		  key for this signature.
  Expiry	- Number of days old since this sig was created (not yet
		  enforced). The sig creation can be no older than this.
  ID		- If given, the specific keyID to validate against. Otherwise,
		  any key in the OpenPGP keyring specified by "File" will
		  suffice. This is useful if you want several important keys
		  in one OpenPGP keyring, and also for specifying a "group"
		  of keys for one type (like the maintainer OpenPGP keyring).

For the "Required" and "Optional" matches, the "Type" and "File" attribute
must be given. ID is optional for both cases. For the "Reject" match, only
the "Type" attribute is used.
